hi I'm Kate I'm going to show you how to
make a really quick and tasty meal we're
going to do a 30 minute cottage pie so
we've got all our ingredients here the
first thing we need to do is make some
mash so let's chop up the potatoes I'm
using king urban potatoes but you can
use anything like Marus pipe oh good all
round of potato I'm going to chop them
up pop them in the pan for 10 to 15
minutes or until they're soft
that's our topping sorted let's do the
rest of our filling we have some extra
lean minced beef some chopped carrots I
can of chopped tomatoes 1 chopped onion
1 garlic clove crushed some herbs and
some tomato ketchup this is an
incredibly easy recipe first of all
we're going to dry fry which means it's
a low-fat option because we're not using
any oil so let's start with the minced
beef pop that in the pan and now we're
going to add our chopped carrots and our
chopped onions
and little bit of garlic not forgetting
our herbs we need to brown off the mince
on the hob for around 5 minutes the meat
is nicely brown so we need to add the
chopped tomatoes 2 tablespoons of tomato
ketchup finally we're going to add some
seasoning
give it stir we're going to bring that
to the boil and then we're going to
simmer it for 15 minutes with the lid on
while that's simmering I've drained
potatoes I'm now going to turn this into
our mash just going to add a splash of
milk okay and get on masher
okay that's our topping done let's add
it all together this has been simmering
for 15 minutes now and it's now ready to
be spooned into the dish and add our
delicious potato mash so let's get it in
smells delicious we're spread it out
evenly now I need to add the fluffy
potato mash to our dish and now we need
to smooth it even eat with a fork to
give it that lovely texture this needs
to go under the girl for five minutes to
get the potato a nice golden brown color
five minutes is up let's have a look at
our cottage pie look at that delicious
pie smells so good
finally I'm going to add some salad and
there you have it cottage pie from prep
to plate in 30 minutes
you